[Music] With the
help of this application on i Bill Tech Care application, you will be
able to check out your policies here,
how long your policy is valid for renewal, along with
this you can get the claim
statement done here, you can file a claim,
whose policies are available here, the
users who have
purchased the policy here,
whether it is a health policy or
check it, health insurance,
medical insurance, whatever it is, you
can definitely track it here, you
can download your e-card here, definitely so
how do you have to use this application,
how do you have to add the policy
completely, along with this, the
single information giving you is in the big of this application,
so gas space ISRO, you should stay tuned,
first of all you have to search on Google Play Store and open it,
after opening,
you have to complete the location process here, you can login to
this application with any number,
after logging in you will
not be able to see your policy here, so gas,
first of all you have to tap on add policy,
after that here you will see the company  Or if you
want to do it for personal use, then you will definitely
tap on Meet. Here you
can add the policy number, card number
and here you will see the date of birth. Simple,
this is your card which you would have seen
whenever you have renewed the policy
or purchased it. Here you have to fill in the card
number, policy number and date of
birth accordingly.
After that, here you have to tap on Add Help Policy.
Your policy will be added
to this account or on your profile.
Like here you can see
completely, here in the name of Chandragrahan, in whose name
we have the policy, the complete health policy
number, along with this you can see the valid till date,
when will it expire and
here how many lakh rupees is the sub-sum and
here you get
to see the complete details of how much money you have utilized. You will be able to
check out the complete details from this application. So, here
you can see the options available below.
Five options: Policy, Claims, Homes by
Policy, Network, then Gas, if you have tapped on the policy.  If you
do this, you will get to see the policy details here.
Whatever policy you
edit in this account, you will get
to see the policy details here, you will get
to see the member details. Along with this,
you can download the ID card from here.
Along with this, you will get the
option of Reset Claim Removal Policy here.
Along with this,
if you want to clean the file in the bus, then simply
tap on Claim.
Here you will file the claim accordingly.
You can track
your claim settlement here. So, if you
want a dedicated video on this, if you want to
check out, you want to see the complete details, then
I have made a video of a vehicle. The
link to that video will be available
in the description. I have
given you the complete total of how you have to
file the claim. Along with this,
you can also find out from here
whether you have got approval,
as you can see
here, I have also got approval for my
claim, along with this, here you can also check my
bank account.  My full amount has also been deposited, you will be
able to check out. Along with this,
you can purchase a new policy from this application by policy.
Simply you have to
tap on buy policy. Here you will
see an action request. First
time, last time, date of birth, email ID, etc.
or you have to confirm it.
After that, you will get the next details here.
Simply fill them in. Your
new policy will be purchased here. Then you will get a call back from their side. Along with
this, if
you want to check out the network hospital,
which network hospitals are there in your area, then you have to
tap on the entire network. After that,
you have to tap on the hospital here. After that,
you will be able to check out here. Simply you have to
tap on search. After that, you have to
take the P code here, in which I am
entering it here in front of you. All the
network hospitals available will be
listed here on the P code. Along
with this, you will be able to search by city from here and
also by the name of the hospital
because that particular hospital  Here, whether there
is an internet hospital or not, there is a
specialist and here you get many more
options or
when you tap on the exact location,
your detector location will be displayed, you will get
to see the network hospital near you,
so these were the only options available, in this
way you have to add your policy on the ICC
Lombard application, on the ILT application,
so that your full details are taken, the policy
details are up and in this way you had to
check out the network hospital, do the claim
settlement, so if you liked the Gas I Bill Fak
video, if you liked it, please like it,
I will subscribe to the channel,
thank you.